Israeli settlers have killed at least
three Palestinians in attacks on a
village south of noas in the occupied
West Bank several others were injured in
the violence two of them
critically the occupied West Bank is
also being blockaded by the Israeli Army
Imran Khan joins us live from rala
you're continuing to see the Ripple
effects Imran of what's happening in
Gaza tell us what you've learned about
the settler attacks on Palestinians in
the occupied West
Bank well those attacks are still
actually ongoing in alusa we're hearing
in the last hour that another
13-year-old boy has been shot in the
head he's wounded uh he's wounded
critically we're also hearing uh that
one of the U 13 that have been injured
is actually a six-year-old girl now alus
has always been a flasho for settler
violence uh but now Palestinians are
incredibly afraid you can't like you say
the the the occupied West Bank is
actually blockaded now there are roads
that Palestinians can travel on but
they're near settlements people don't
even want to get onto those roads the
roads that they can actually travel on
because they're very worried about
settler violence this was always a
concern the minute Palestinians here in
the occupied West Bank watched the
events of Saturday and then over the
past 5 days with the bombing on Gaza
they were very worried that settler
attacks would increase but settler
attacks have been on the increase for a
decade now 800 in the last year alone
some three a
day those are big numbers but they're
likely to exceed uh even three a day
across the occupied West Bank and that's
the real concern here people who live
near settlement seral people who uh live
near the border with Israel are actually
stocking up on food and water because
they don't want to leave the house and
they're worried uh about this blockade
becoming even more permanent Imron
you're looking at another aspect of this
which is that the conflict is impacting
the livelihoods of hundreds of
Palestinians because workers from Gaza
are being dismissed from their jobs in
Israel well dismissed is a very gentle
way of putting it what they what
happened is the uh Israeli workers uh
sorry the Israeli bosses actually on
advice of the police put them into cars
and dump them on the borders uh with um
the occupied West Bank and that was
after police interrogation uh but we've
been hearing from those workers let's
take a closer
look cut off from their homes this has
become a makeshift home for some
Palestinians from the Gaza Strip it was
a local government building designed for
sports and arts it's now a camp for
displaced people there isn't a person
here whose family hasn't been touched by
this
war my brothers and cousins called me
and told me my son was injured a few
hours later they called again and told
me he was killed I want to go see him
his mother is in Egypt for medical
treatment she's stuck there and I'm
stuck here he will be buried and I won't
see him my other two children are
Sheltering in schools
alone others tell us they have lost
multiple members of their families most
don't know if they'll have a home to
return
to these men were employed under an
agreement Israel made with the Gaza
labor Ministry which allowed a set
number of people to work in Israel it
was a good deal for Israel businesses
got cheap labor and could circumvent
labor laws the Israeli government could
say it was doing something to help Gaza
but on Saturday employers acting on
Israeli police instructions were told to
take them to checkpoints at the occupied
West Bank before that happened we are
told some were interrogated and
assaulted by the Israeli Security
Services a claim we cannot confirm the
influx has taken the Palestinian
authorities by surprise and they
woefully unprepared we need to maintain
the health Factor very importantly in
this location we are talking about as we
speak 550 this number might just rise to
a 700 or maybe a th000 because people
are keep they are keeping pouring once
they are discovered inside Israel handed
over to the Israeli military and they
they are just simply left after being
beaten and humilated on the checkpoints
to find their way to this to this
shelter everyone here is watching the
news on their mobile phones but unlike
you I they're not watching for the news
they're watching their homes being
destroyed in real time they can't get
home and there's nothing they can do
about it Imran Khan out is r